1.Changes to a codebase that show commits by different members of the group. (2 pts)
2.Quality of the documentation of how to run the code and different experiments (4 points)
3.Evidence of effort on improving over CheXzero through implementation progress. Here, the success of effort doesn’t matter so much. Show the experiments that failed! (4 points)
4.Include a 300 word summary of the things you tried and progress you have made. Include your assessment of how on track you are for the final project, and what you are doing to mitigate risks. (3 points)
We spent quite an amount of effort to dig deeply into the CheXzero codebase and BioVil codebase in order to understand how each step of training, evaluation and zero-shot transfer is done. We had made significant progress over the first step of our project which is to set up,  start training and evaluate BioViL on CheXpert and PadChest, and compare the segmentation performance (in terms of IoU) and classification performance ( in terms of AUROC) with those of CheXzero. After this we can decide which direction to go:
1 ) If BioViL performs better, we will first swap out the Resnet50 backbone image encoder to be more complex architectures like ViT, since the review of PALI paper incentives us to scale up the vision component of the multi-modal model and would highly likely to show us more promising results. Then we will Improve the process of calculating global vectors from localized vectors by adding attention layers/ additional nn layers, instead of simply doing a mean pooling (as is done at the moment) and replace the current contrastive loss (globalization loss + MLM) with the ALBEF loss (alignment loss + MLM + image-text matching)
2 ) If CheXzero performs better, we will improve by applying CXR-BERT as our text encoder, performing a comparative experiment by locking the text encoder while training for image encoder and fusing NN and adding alignment loss to pre-training loss.
Either way, we would like to deploy momentum distillation in order to boost the performance. This would be a great way to eliminate risks by making progress without waiting for the previous steps’ results and we are currently in the process of implementing that. 
Moreover, to speed up the implementation progress we are setting up pair programming meetings two times a week on Tuesdays and Saturdays to help us keep project items in track, enable faster debugging and collect collective wisdom from the team.
In conclusion, we are working hard in parallel to make progress and in a good track towards our end goal, and will definitely spend more time on the implementation aspect of the project so that we would be able to leave sufficient time room for evaluation and potential exchange of thoughts for clinicians.
